README.md, before:

# NextJs


To build a complete web application with React from scratch, there are many important details you need to consider:

Code has to be bundled using a bundler like webpack and transformed using a compiler like Babel.
You need to do production optimizations such as code splitting.
You might want to statically pre-render some pages for performance and SEO. You might also want to use server-side rendering or client-side rendering.
You might have to write some server-side code to connect your React app to your data store.
A framework can solve these problems. But such a framework must have the right level of abstraction — otherwise it won’t be very useful. It also needs to have great "Developer Experience", ensuring you and your team have an amazing experience while writing code.



Pages in Next.js
In Next.js, a page is a React Component exported from a file in the pages directory.

Pages are associated with a route based on their file name. For example, in development:

pages/index.js is associated with the / route.
pages/posts/first-post.js is associated with the /posts/first-post route.
We already have the pages/index.js file, so let’s create pages/posts/first-post.js to see how it works.


Link Component
When linking between pages on websites, you use the <a> HTML tag.

In Next.js, you use the Link Component from next/link to wrap the <a> tag. <Link> allows you to do client-side navigation to a different page in the application.

Using <Link>
First, in pages/index.js, import the Link component from next/link by adding this line at the top:


Code splitting and prefetching
Next.js does code splitting automatically, so each page only loads what’s necessary for that page. That means when the homepage is rendered, the code for other pages is not served initially.

This ensures that the homepage loads quickly even if you add hundreds of pages.

Only loading the code for the page you request also means that pages become isolated. If a certain page throws an error, the rest of the application would still work.

Furthermore, in a production build of Next.js, whenever Link components appear in the browser’s viewport, Next.js automatically prefetches the code for the linked page in the background. By the time you click the link, the code for the destination page will already be loaded in the background, and the page transition will be near-instant!

Commit message:

Add meta data title in our post page

README.md, after:

# NextJs


To build a complete web application with React from scratch, there are many important details you need to consider:

Code has to be bundled using a bundler like webpack and transformed using a compiler like Babel.
You need to do production optimizations such as code splitting.
You might want to statically pre-render some pages for performance and SEO. You might also want to use server-side rendering or client-side rendering.
You might have to write some server-side code to connect your React app to your data store.
A framework can solve these problems. But such a framework must have the right level of abstraction — otherwise it won’t be very useful. It also needs to have great "Developer Experience", ensuring you and your team have an amazing experience while writing code.



Pages in Next.js
In Next.js, a page is a React Component exported from a file in the pages directory.

Pages are associated with a route based on their file name. For example, in development:

pages/index.js is associated with the / route.
pages/posts/first-post.js is associated with the /posts/first-post route.
We already have the pages/index.js file, so let’s create pages/posts/first-post.js to see how it works.


Link Component
When linking between pages on websites, you use the <a> HTML tag.

In Next.js, you use the Link Component from next/link to wrap the <a> tag. <Link> allows you to do client-side navigation to a different page in the application.

Using <Link>
First, in pages/index.js, import the Link component from next/link by adding this line at the top:


<h1>Code splitting and prefetching </h1>
Next.js does code splitting automatically, so each page only loads what’s necessary for that page. That means when the homepage is rendered, the code for other pages is not served initially.

This ensures that the homepage loads quickly even if you add hundreds of pages.

Only loading the code for the page you request also means that pages become isolated. If a certain page throws an error, the rest of the application would still work.

Furthermore, in a production build of Next.js, whenever Link components appear in the browser’s viewport, Next.js automatically prefetches the code for the linked page in the background. By the time you click the link, the code for the destination page will already be loaded in the background, and the page transition will be near-instant!


<h1>Assets, Metadata, and CSS</h1>

In this lesson, you’ll learn:

How to add static files (images, etc) to Next.js.
How to customize what goes inside the <head> for each page.
How to create a reusable React component which is styled using CSS Modules.
How to add global CSS in pages/_app.js.
Some useful tips for styling in Next.js.|



<h1>Assets</h1>
First, let’s talk about how Next.js handles static assets such as images.

Next.js can serve static files, like images, under the top-level public directory. Files inside public can be referenced from the root of the application similar to pages.

If you open pages/index.js in your application and take a look at the <footer>, we refer to the logo image like so:

<img src="/vercel.svg" alt="Vercel Logo" className="logo" />

the logo image exists inside the public directory at the top level of your application.

The public directory is also useful for robots.txt, Google Site Verification, and any other static assets
